README.md, before:

# Budget APP
<a name="readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [Budget App](#Budget-APP)
- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Budget-APP\] ](#-Budget-APP)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [Presentation ](#presentation-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Budget APP] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Budget APP]** is a mobile web application where you can manage your budget: you have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that you can see how much money you spent and on what.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Ruby on Rails</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a>https://rubyonrails.org/</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Categories]**
- **[Transactions]**

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Install Ruby
- Install Rails
- Install Postgresql

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

  ```
  cd budget-app
  ```
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/mercymugambi/budget-app.git
  ```
### Install

Install this project with:

  ```
  cd budget-app
  ```
  ```
  bundle install && npm install
  ```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```
rails s
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```
rubocop --color
```
```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```
```
rspec spec
```
### Deployment

  <!-- - The website is deployed [here](https://cash-flow-nexus.onrender.com) -->

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

:bust_in_silhouette: **Mercy Mugambi**
- GitHub: [@mercymugambi](https://github.com/mercymugambi)
- Twitter: [@MercyMugambi15](https://twitter.com/MercyMugambi15)
- LinkedIn: [mercymugambi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mercymugambi)

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Tracking most frequent transactions]**

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/mercymugambi/budget-app/issues).


<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please show support by staring ⭐️.

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

* I am grateful to [Gregoire Vella on Behance](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) for the priviledge to use his design.

* I would like to thank my Microverse team and my coding partners for their support and guidance.

## Presentation <a name="presentation"></a>

<!-- * I made a short [video](https://www.loom.com/share/2b5c5c04879f4dd29d23e85ee0b01a6b?sid=6c25fd1d-b5c4-4e94-9c6a-4474d9c883c2) presentation. -->


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENCE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update the read me with loom video presentation and render live

README.md, after:

# Budget APP
<a name="readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [Budget App](#Budget-APP)
- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Budget-APP\] ](#-Budget-APP)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [Presentation ](#presentation-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Budget APP] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Budget APP]** is a mobile web application where you can manage your budget: you have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that you can see how much money you spent and on what.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Ruby on Rails</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a>https://rubyonrails.org/</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Categories]**
- **[Transactions]**

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Install Ruby
- Install Rails
- Install Postgresql

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

  ```
  cd budget-app
  ```
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/mercymugambi/budget-app.git
  ```
### Install

Install this project with:

  ```
  cd budget-app
  ```
  ```
  bundle install && npm install
  ```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```
rails s
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```
rubocop --color
```
```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```
```
rspec spec
```
### Deployment

  - The website is deployed [here](https://budget-iue6.onrender.com)

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

:bust_in_silhouette: **Mercy Mugambi**
- GitHub: [@mercymugambi](https://github.com/mercymugambi)
- Twitter: [@MercyMugambi15](https://twitter.com/MercyMugambi15)
- LinkedIn: [mercymugambi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mercymugambi)

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Tracking most frequent transactions]**

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/mercymugambi/budget-app/issues).


<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please show support by staring ⭐️.

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

* I am grateful to [Gregoire Vella on Behance](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) for the priviledge to use his design.

* I would like to thank my Microverse team and my coding partners for their support and guidance.

## Presentation <a name="presentation"></a>

* I made a short [video](https://www.loom.com/share/419f032c18204301b4ef159b346fa3ff?sid=f344b4c2-8b0a-412e-b69c-2dc8902fdfc1) presentation.


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENCE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
